And now it's time for a breakdown
Never gonna get it,
never gonna get it
Never gonna get it
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Never gonna get it,
never gonna get it
never get it
Never get it
(GRUNTING)
Man, I told you
Robbie Wheirdicht
showers here
during first period.
Why doesn't he just
shower at home like a normal person?
Look at him.
Does anything about that
look normal to you?
Maybe next time
you give your woman a little respect
You know, he's actually
a pretty good dancer.
So you won't be
hearing her say, no way
Let's wreck him.
TREVOR: Hey, Weird Dick!
(ALL LAUGHING)
Come on.
Finally, young ladies
and young gentlemen,
it is my pleasure
to announce
that the winner of the National High
School Student of the Year Award
is none other
than your very own
two-time student
body president,
the captain
of Central High's All-Valley track team,
president of
the drama club,
and the senior voted
Most Likely to Succeed.
I gotta tell you, folks,
after 40 years as an educator,
he is my favorite student.
I wish he were my son,
if I were medically able to have children.
(ALL LAUGHING)
He's everybody's
favorite all-around guy,
Calvin "The Golden Jet" Joyner!
Come on!
(ALL CHEERING)
ALL: (CHANTING) Golden Jet!
Golden Jet! Golden Jet!
Oh, my goodness!
Wow!
Wow, guys.
Hey! How about a hand
for Principal Kent, huh?
CALVIN: Huh?
Honestly, if my mom
was into white guys, it would be you.
I know it would, okay?
(ALL LAUGHING)
Well, as we all know,
this is our last assembly.
Which means
this is the last time, in front of you guys,
that I'll be able to tell
the most beautiful girl in the world,
I'm talking about you,
Maggie Johnson.
That I love you.
I love you, baby. I do.
(CHUCKLES) I'm gonna
put it in my pocket.
(ALL LAUGH)
-I'll save it.
-Okay.
All right, guys,
we're seniors now.
And once we get
those diplomas,
the decisions that
we make after that are all up to us.
I don't know what path
life is gonna take me on.
But I can promise you
all this,
that I, for one,
will push myself at every stage,
at every step.
So, I got one question
to ask.
I got one question
for the graduating class of 1996,
and that's, "Will you..."
Check out my Weird Dick!
(ALL EXCLAIM)
(GRUNTING)
(SQUEAKING)
(ALL GASP)
(ALL LAUGHING)
Hey.
Here, here, B.
(SOFTLY) Thank you.
(LAUGHTER CONTINUES)
(LOCK RATTLES)
(LAUGHTER INTENSIFIES)
Well, there's no
coming back from that.
Calvin Joyner, everybody,
voted Most Likely to Succeed.
(ALL CHEERING)
ALL: (CHANTING) Golden Jet!
Golden Jet! Golden Jet!
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hey. Check it.
-What... What is the matter with you?
-What?
What do you mean, "what"?
Why do you think I wanna see that?
Well, no, I'm working
on a new sexting app.
Okay. It's kind of
like Instagram, right?
But, instead of filters,
it just makes your junk look huge.
Like, three to six
inches bigger. It's amazing.
It's called Junk Mail.
Clever, right?
You know, right now
this little walk right here?
I kind of just
want to take it away from my life.
Why are you
all cranky-pants this morning, huh?
Oh, it's because
Ethan got promoted instead of you?
Ethan got promoted?
(SIGHS) Youngest senior associate
in the history of the firm.
Corner office,
the whole deal.
Didn't he used to be
your assistant?
Who cares?
Hey, you should come
to lunch with us.
We're gonna be
celebrating his pro-mosh!
It'll probably be
good for you to kiss the ring a bit.
"Kiss the ring a bit"?
Hey, no, you play
your chessboard however you like, okay?
Me, lunch today?
I'm gonna French kiss that thing.
Aah...
I can't. I'm taking my wife
to lunch today, so...
All right.
Bummer for you.
'Cause we gonna get hyphy!
We gonna get hyphy!
Right?
(GRUNTS)
Can you just
get out of my face?
#Blessed.
(LAUGHTER)
(MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
To a guy I not only consider my
coworker, but my personal friend.
To Ethan!
ALL: Cheers!
ALL: Ethan!
Do you wanna move tables?
I know this kind of sucks.
No, no.
It doesn't suck.
Hey, if I wanted to get
one of those ice teas
but I want most of it
to be bourbon, what is that called?
Okay.
How about we change
the topic to something a little more fun?
-Anything else, please.
-Oh!
How about... This is the dress
that I'm thinking about wearing.
CALVIN: Oh!
Honey, I want every single girl
to be jealous tomorrow night.
Oh!
What?
I just don't want to go.
Calvin, it's our
20-year high school reunion.
I'm not gonna go
without you.
We agreed we were going.
I RSVP'd for us.
I just changed my mind.
That's all.
Okay. I see.
You're disappointed
about the promotion. I get it.
This is not
about the promotion.
Okay, this has to do with me
not wanting to spend my Friday night
answering the
"What are you doing now?" question.
That's what
I'll get all night.
"Hey, Calvin, what are you doing now?"
"I'm an accountant."
"An accountant? Really?
I thought you would be the governor, man.
"Wait a minute.
Didn't you get voted Most Likely to Succeed?
"I guess we missed that one."
Is this why you've been
so weird and moody lately?
'Cause you're freaking out
about the reunion?
No.
And what's the matter
with being an accountant?
You love your job.
No, you love your job.
I'm good at my job.
It's not the same thing.
Honey, that's not fair.
You're a partner at your firm.
Okay, instead,
I work in a building
with a giant
inflatable gorilla out in front of it.
Look, I don't want to be the guy
that peaked in high school
and, after he peaked,
his life went like this...
(IMITATES CRASH)
I don't know the sound
that that thing makes,
but you know what
I'm trying to do.
-I'm the guy that went down, okay?
-Yeah.
Then my life down here
became a disappointment.
That's what I'll be.
Wow!
What?
I had no idea
that your life with me
was such a soundless,
crashing disappointment!
Don't do that.
-(IMITATES CRASH)
-That's not... Don't do that.
That's the sound.
You want to know the sound
I'm about to make right now?
The sound of me not going.
That's the sound I'm making.
I'm not going.
Yep. (SIGHS)
Mmm-mmm. Mmm.
No.
Not going to that.
(COMPUTER CHIMES)
Bob Stone?
Okay.
(PHONE RINGING)
-Hello?
-Hey.
Girl, you scared me.
-I did?
-Yes.
I thought that you were...
I just... On the...
Never mind.
Hey, I'm glad you called. I, uh...
I'm sorry
about lunch today.
Uh, I'm...
I'm an idiot, babe.
I don't even know
what's going on with me right now.
-I really don't.
-Yeah?
Actually, honey, that's,
um, what I was calling to talk to you about.
Look, honey, I think that
we should see someone.
What...
What do you mean, "someone"?
What do you mean?
See someone,
like a therapist.
Uh, honey, black people
don't go to therapy.
We go to barbershops.
That's where
we talk out our problems.
Or we watch
the movie
Barbershop.
One or the other.
Look, my parents
were really unhappy
for a long time
before they got divorced.
And maybe if they saw someone sooner,
they would still be married.
I just want to nip
this thing in the bud, whatever it is.
I don't want to end up
like my parents. Think of it...
Wassup?
(SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
MAGGIE:
Please, just do it
for me, if not for you.
All right, uh, when...
When do you, uh...
When do you want to do it?
MAGGIE:
Really?
The doctor said he could see us at 6:00 p.m.
Um, 6:00 p.m., when?
Tonight?
Yeah. Yeah.
Is that a problem?
Holy shit!
Robbie Wheirdicht.
-Calvin, honey? Hello?
-Um...
Yeah. I can't.
I already made plans for tonight, baby.
Plans with who?
-With Bob Stone.
-Who's Bob Stone?
That sounds
like a fake name.
No, no. Do you remember
Robbie Wheirdicht, from high school?
No.
The guy who got beaten up
by Trisha Demarco at homecoming?
No.
The kid that tried to rap along
to Coolio's
1, 2, 3, 4
at the talent show
but then he kind
of lost his way, midway through,
so he just started
bopping his head, and he stood there?
No. Nothing.
The guy who got thrown out the
gym, butt-ass-naked, senior year?
Oh, my God, yeah!
Why wouldn't you
start with that?
Because I thought
that was kind of mean. I don't know.
He never came back
to school after that, right?
Like, not for finals
or graduation or anything.
I'm not sure.
I don't know if he did or not,
but he changed his name
to Bob Stone,
and apparently he's in town
for the high school reunion.
He wants to go
to dinner tonight,
and I kind of
already said yes.
-Okay.
-If you want me to cancel, I will.
You know,
if that's what you want, I don't mind.
Mmm-mmm.
It's a little weird, but whatever.
I'll just see
if the doctor can fit us in tomorrow.
How about at lunch time?
Okay. All right, fine.
Okay, good. I love you.
I love you, too, babe.
I do.
All right.
(LOUD HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
-Oh, my...
-What is that?
-Uh, okay.
-Calvin? Are you...
Love you. Bye-bye.
No!
Stop, stop!
Hey, man. I...
Hey! What's up, guys?
Congratulations on
that promotion, man.
It's quite the thing.
Thank you. Yeah.
Hey, that's not work appropriate.
-Yup.
-Not cool, man. Not cool.
(SIGHS)
Dude, forward that to me.
MAN 1: For real, man, seriously?
MAN 2: Yeah. Watch it, punk.
Excuse you, too.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(CLEARS THROAT)
My man!
(SCREAMS)
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Calvin. It's me, Bob.
Sorry, what?
Do I know you?
Do you know...
Robbie Wheirdicht,
from high school!
Are you kidding... What?
-Wait, you're Robbie Wheirdicht?
-Yeah!
God, man, look at you!
You've lost, like, 200 pounds!
I see you gained it
back in muscle.
Oh, my God!
You look great!
-No, you look great!
-Yes! Stop it.
No, you haven't changed
since high school, dude!
-Man, yeah.
-No, you're just sexy as dick right now.
You don't look somebody
in the eyes and say that.
Hey, let's get hammered.
I got an early day at work,
so I'll probably...
No, come on, I'm buying!
-Come on.
-Oh, shit.
Mmm.
I'm sorry, man.
I am blown away right now.
-Dude, you used to be Fat Robbie.
-(LAUGHS)
Look at you!
This is like a total transformation.
You look like
Hercules or somebody.
What did you do?
Come on, man,
give it to me. What'd you do?
-No, I didn't do much, really.
-Stop it.
All right.
Well, I just did one thing.
Come on, I need to know.
I worked out six hours a day,
every day, for the last
20 years straight.
-I mean, anybody can do it, right?
-Yeah.
You know,
I've gotten into hot yoga.
(CLEARS THROAT)
-I started doing some sessions.
-Mmm-hmm.
(STAMMERING)
Nice unicorn, man.
Oh, yeah,
I'm big-time into 'corns.
So magical, right?
You know, they're the most
lethal animal on the planet.
Here you go.
Guys, my name's Lexi.
Just let me know
if you need anything.
Okay.
And I mean, like, anything at all.
-Okie-dokie.
-(GIGGLES)
You're funny.
Do you ever, like, Snapchat?
Oh, no. You know...
I wasn't talking to you.
No, no, no.
No, I don't do that.
I'm just catching up
with an old friend from high school.
-Yeah.
-Aw! You're so sweet.
I think unicorns are sexy, too.
That must happen to you
all the time, right?
Ah, nah.
I mean, all that
meaningless sex is just...
It's not my bag anymore, CJ.
Oh.
No, now, I'm looking for more
of an emotional connection. You know?
The next woman
I lay with,
she's gonna be beautiful
on the inside,
just as much
as she is on the outside.
Hey, wait. Whatever happened to
that girl that you liked in high school?
Uh, God, man.
The Doogie Howser girl.
She was, like, 14,
but somehow she was a senior.
She wore a cape.
-Darla McGuckian.
Yucky Gucky.
(LAUGHS) Yeah.
Didn't she have, like, a lazy eye or something?
-Two of them.
-Right.
Hey, but listen, I don't wanna talk about me.
I wanna talk about you.
I heard that you
and Maggie Johnson got hitched.
Yeah. Yeah, man,
right after college.
Wow! The prettiest girl in school,
and the coolest guy in school!
Oh, man, I got lucky.
I mean, you guys are like
a power couple, dude!
-No, no.
-Yes!
You're like Taylor Swift
and whoever she's dating right now.
Power.
Uh, thanks!
-Yeah.
-Hey, you guys got kids?
-No. No kids yet.
We planned on it
after college,
but Maggie
went to law school,
I kept changing jobs.
You know, I mean,
having kids is just...
It isn't in our cards
right now.
Not at this point,
that's all.
-Oh, okay.
-Yeah.
-Oh, I got an idea.
-What?
-Let's do shots!
-No!
No, I'm sorry for
saying it like that, but no.
I haven't had shots
in almost 10 years, man.
What? Come on, we have to!
We're celebrating!
Celebrating what?
Celebrating that I'm hanging
with the coolest kid in high school.
-Oh, stop it.
-Calvin Joyner!
The Golden Jet.
You got to be shitting me.
Wow!
I haven't... God!
It's been forever
since I heard that, man!
-I'll do one.
-All right!
-One shot.
-Shots!
No. One shot.
(STAMMERS) Just one, okay?
Bob, it's been a while.
(UPBEAT SONG PLAYING ON JUKE BOX)
Oh, shit!
You remember this?
This was the jammy-jam!
What's that?
Is that a fanny pack, Bob?
Hell, yeah!
Dude, you want one?
No, no.
No, it's okay. It's okay.
I got two at home.
I'll hook you up.
Leather pack for The Jet.
Fanny!
Shit.
What the hell
did I get myself into?
Mmm. Mmm-mmm. Mmm.
Oh, hey, sir,
somebody's actually sitting there.
Yeah, someone was.
No! Hey! Hey, man!
Hey, you don't see
the sweatshirt right here?
Man, somebody's
sitting here.
Move your meat,
lose your seat.
Dude, you don't have
to be a dick about it.
Somebody's sitting
in the chair.
Bro, are you seriously
gonna go there, bro?
'Cause there's only
one way back, bro.
Through intensive care, bro.
Was that the last "bro"?
'Cause if it was, then I'll talk.
That supposed to be funny?
Hey, now!
What's the rumpus?
CALVIN: You know,
there's no problem, man.
Let's just go
to another table.
Get your jacket.
Let's go.
-No, we're not gonna go anywhere.
-Listen to your pussy friend.
Those gym muscles
aren't scaring anybody, pal.
Oh, these?
Look, let's just go.
It's okay.
No, we're not gonna go.
This man insulted you.
And we're not gonna leave
until he apologizes.
It's okay.
Hey, we got
a problem here?
No, no.
Yeah, we got a big problem.
Your friend, here, really insulted my friend,
and he needs to apologize.
I don't think he does.
CALVIN: He doesn't.
Oh, you know what, man?
I think this whole situation's
getting a little out of control.
I can fix this whole thing.
It's not...
I'll order some nachos. The Explosions.
The one...
It's got four cheeses.
Let's eat them together.
You know what?
You take them.
Let's go.
Nah. We're not
going anywhere, Jet.
This whole thing
will be over in a jiff.
Hey, how about this?
Why don't you and your boyfriend
apologize to Big Rick here,
and then go jerk each other
in the parking lot?
That's a lot...
BOB: Yeah. You're right, CJ.
That's a lot of homophobia
coming out of a very angry man.
You need to go get that looked at
by a trained professional.
But, since you have
escalated this whole scenario
by bringing
what I can only assume
is an unlicensed firearm
into this public place,
endangering the lives
of all these innocent people,
I can no longer,
in good conscience, walk away
and jerk anyone off
in the parking lot.
I'm afraid we ain't
going anywhere.
-It's time for you to get out of here, pal.
-CALVIN: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
There's four of us, tough guy.
Yeah. No, I got that.
All right. Well, before
this whole thing goes down,
you should know
one thing about me.
What's that?
I don't like bullies.
(SCREAMS)
(GAGS)
(GROANS)
(GLASS BREAKING)
(BULLETS CLATTER)
Let's go, Jet.
Yes.
Oh, my God!
I hope he's Catholic.
(MEN GROANING)
Oh, my God!
What the hell was that?
Bob, that was amazing!
I've never seen
anything like that!
You took the one guy,
you hit him like this.
He couldn't breathe.
(IMITATES CHOKING)
I sat there,
I'm looking at him...
You talking to him like,
"I don't like bullies."
I was like,
"That's not a good line." But it was!
I didn't even know
you could fight!
You had a unicorn shirt,
a fanny pack, and it totally worked!
You were like Jason Bourne,
man, but with jorts!
How did you do that?
Where'd you learn that stuff?
I took a couple
classes at work.
I hope I didn't go too far.
I'm sorry if I ruined the night, Jet.
What? Ruin my night?
No! It was the coolest thing ever, man!
-Really?
-Yes!
To see my boy go in and
whoop ass on those idiots back there...
Dude, that was amazing!
Wait, we're boys?
Yeah, we boys.
Wow, I...
I've never had a boy.
-That's awesome! Come here!
-Oh, wait.
Stop. What's going on, man?
-I'm a hugger!
-What're you doing?
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Hey! I got an idea.
Let's roll. Here's my bike.
Oh, wait. That's your bike?
Yeah. Kawasaki 800!
I know what the bike is.
I had the same bike
in high school, man.
-You still ride?
-No. No, man.
I haven't ridden a bike in years.
Oh, come on, let's roll.
(SIGHS)
Where? Where you trying to go?
I know the perfect spot.
Come on, Jet.
You know, why not?
Why not?
After this... Yeah, okay!
BOB: Let's roll.
-(TIRES SQUEAL)
-(CAR HORN HONKING)
CALVIN: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hey, Bob! Slow, slow, slow!
Bob, hey, hey!
CALVIN: God! This is so crazy, man.
This brings back
so many memories.
(BOB SIGHS)
BOB: I don't know, CJ.
I mean, high school wasn't easy for me, man.
I don't know if you know this,
but I didn't have
many friends back then.
What?
-Really? I...
-No.
I don't know why I thought...
-True story.
-Huh!
Man, I thought high school was gonna
be like
Sixteen Candles
and I was gonna be
like Molly Ringwald.
Sure, things
were difficult in the beginning,
but then, by the end,
everything worked out.
And Jake Ryan
picked her up in that red Porsche.
What-what?
You ever see that movie?
I'm black, so I don't know the...
Oh, you gotta see it, dude.
Total classic.
-It's my favorite all-time movie.
-Mmm.
Then I realized high school was
nothing like
Sixteen Candles.
And I'll never be
like Molly Ringwald.
CALVIN: Yeah, well,
depends on who you ask.
That's the thing.
For me, I...
What's going on?
Oh, wow!
Hey, man,
I just wanna say that I'm really sorry
about what Trevor and those guys
did to you back then.
(ECHOING LAUGHTER)
Huh? (EXCLAIMS)
Nah, no biggie.
I don't even think about it anymore.
No.
Okay, good.
Yeah. Here's the secret.
You know what I did, Jet?
I took all that stuff
and I balled it up real tight,
and then I shoved it
way down deep.
And I just pretty much ignore it.
You know, that sounds
really unhealthy, Bob.
Hey, I gotta tell you.
You were the only one
who helped me out that day.
In the gym?
Remember that?
And you gave me your
letterman's jacket!
Hey, not for nothing,
but I never got that jacket back, man.
Huh, really?
Strange.
Hey. But listen,
I just wanna thank you
for what you did for me that day.
That was really cool of you, Jet.
Stop, man.
It was the right thing to do, you know?
Hey, you wanna hear
something weird?
What?
I have not been naked
since that day.
I mean, not in
front of anyone.
Never.
So, you're telling me
that for the last 20 years,
you've never been seen
in your birthday suit?
What about
when you have sex?
I keep it pitch-black,
just like Vin Diesel.
Hey, Bob, look.
If you ever wanna talk, man, I'm here.
So I don't mind,
you know?
I don't mind at all,
if you wanna...
What?
Whoa! (LAUGHS)
This is all our stuff
from our year!
Yeah. Must be getting ready
for the reunion tomorrow night.
Come on, man.
Let's get out of here.
What? No! Get out?
Look, you're all over this!
Look at this.
Basketball, baseball, cross country.
Hamlet.
Prom King.
God...
There's Darla McGuckian.
Synchronized swimming,
that's so sexy.
This is like
The Guinness Book of Golden Jet Records.
Right there.
I see that.
To be honest with you,
I don't even recognize this guy anymore.
This guy here, he was gonna...
He was gonna conquer the world.
If 18-year-old me could see me now,
he'd probably think
I was a total loser.
What? That's crazy talk!
You're The Golden Jet, dude!
Stop. Stop, Bob.
Spare me with
The Golden Jet shit.
I'm not The Golden Jet, man.
I'm an accountant.
That's my reality.
(SIGHS)
I don't know, I just thought
I was meant for more, you know?
My life would be
something special.
You know how they say
every man is the hero of his own story?
Was that in
Twilight?
No, I don't think
that's where it's from.
But those books are cool, right?
Vampires?
Ohm and there's a wolf-boy.
(GROWLS)
I'm not talking about
Twilight,
Bob, okay?
I'm talking about the fact
that I don't feel
like I'm the hero of my own story.
How are you not
the hero of your own story?
No one else can be!
Yo, CJ, I gotta be
honest with you, man.
I mean, all this talk
bout Calvin Joyner
not feeling
like he's a hero...
That's crazy talk, man.
No. No, it's not.
You were the best thing
about high school.
I'll always believe in you.
Yo, do you remember
those backflips you used to do?
The crowd would go crazy!
I was there, too.
I was, like, "What?
How's he do that?"
How did you do that?
I don't know. I just did it, man.
Exactly.
So, do it now.
I... No, no. No.
You're crazy! No.
-No.
-What's that?
What're you talking about?
What's what?
-Golden Jet!
-No, stop it.
-Okay, stop it!
-Golden Jet!
-All right.
Golden Jet!
I'm not gonna stop
until you do The Golden Jet flip!
-Okay.
-Golden Jet!
All right, everybody,
settle down. Settle down!
Now, if the crowd
wants a Golden Jet flip,
then they gonna get
a Golden Jet flip.
You go, girl!
(GROANS)
Oh, God!
That was so close, Jet.
(GROANS)
Here, buddy. Come on.
They must have just
waxed these floors.
Ah, that was
definitely a first, man.
(BOB LAUGHS)
Oh, man, I am beat.
Oh!
Hey, Jet!
Man, I had a...
I had a great time tonight.
Whoa!
You know what?
I had a good time, too, man.
I feel like I needed this,
you know?
Yeah. Yeah, me, too!
-Thank you.
-My pleasure,
amigo.
Anytime.
Hey, if there's ever
anything I can do for you,
just say the word.
Wow!
You really mean that?
Yeah.
I wasn't gonna bring it up,
but I might as well.
You know, lately, I've been having this
problem with my payroll account.
And it's all
screwed up, somehow.
You know, I was overseas
working for a while before I got fired.
So, it's kind of like
a forensic international account thingy,
which, I think,
is kind of your specialty, right?
Um...
Yeah. No, it is.
I'll take a look at that for you.
You would?
You would do that for me?
I've got the login info,
if you wanna crack open your computer,
we can do this.
Oh, you mean now?
Oh, that's awesome!
-Yeah!
-Okay.
-Look at this!
-Bob. Hey, Bob...
-Whoa!
-No. Bob, you gotta keep your voice down!
(SOFTLY) Maggie's sleeping.
Wow!
This is a pretty serious
international account dossier you've got here.
Right?
I just want to make sure
everything was hunky-dory.
(MUMBLING)
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
(SOFTLY)
Going to your router.
Now you're talking to me.
Bingo.
I'm in.
Oh, that's great, Jet.
Thank you, man!
I mean, just looking
at it first-hand,
it kind of looks like
it's a bunch of off-shore escrow accounts.
But these...
See, these have been backwashed
into a series of
domestic dummy accounts for some reason.
I mean, the logs
are all crazy, too.
You have China,
Syria, Iran.
Okay, this is an auction site, Bob!
Mmm-hmm.
These are bids. All of these.
This is hundreds of millions
of dollars in bids, right here.
And judging
by this clock here,
it says it's all
gonna end tomorrow.
-(COMPUTER BEEPS)
-Whoa! What the hell?
-Why?
-What did...
-Oh, I'm sorry, Jet!
-Bob!
Jet, I'm so sorry!
Oh, man!
I'm all thumbs.
-It's my computer!
-I'm sorry.
-Here. I'm sorry.
-No! Please, Bob.
-I'm sorry, Jet.
-Leave it. Leave it. I got it.
-It's fine, Bob. It's fine. Just leave it.
-I don't have...
The worst!
God!
Hey! What the hell
was that on that site?
That didn't have
anything to do with payroll.
I don't know.
I've never seen that before.
That was crazy.
Let's figure it out tomorrow
when we're bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.
What do you say, CJ?
I am beat.
Hey, do you mind
if I crash here?
Um...
No.
Let me go grab
some blankets.
Hey, thanks for
the jammies, Jet.
Okay, well,
you can keep those.
Those are...
Those are officially yours.
Yeah.
All right.
Oh, you're gonna sleep
with your fanny pack.
Golden Jet!
Yeah, it's my baby.
(EXHALES)
You, uh, need anything else?
You're okay?
I can't believe
I'm having a sleepover
at Calvin Joyner's house
right now.
This is blowing my mind!
(LAUGHS)
Okay.
Uh, good night, Bob.
Good night, Jet.
(VELCRO TEARING)
(SNORING)
Me?
Yeah, you.
What the hell?
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
One second.
(KNOCKING CONTINUES)
Hold on.
Uh, may I help you?
Mr. Joyner,
my name is Pamela Harris,
I'm with the Central
Intelligence Agency.
Have you had
any contact with this man?
Uh, yeah,
he's on my couch sleeping.
Target's in the house.
What's going on?
What's going on? Hey!
Excuse me. Excuse me!
AGENT STAN: (INTO COMM)
Target's fled.
Oh, shit.
Target's on the move.
Excuse me! What...
Hello, hey! Excuse me!
...and voice chatter
in the vicinity.
CALVIN: Hello! Excuse me!
If he's in the wind again,
it's gonna be your ass. Go now.
-Hello!
-Alert Langley, asset uncontained.
Excuse me!
-Can I help you?
-Hello!
It's my house.
Is something going on?
Well, Mr. Joyner,
your sleepover buddy, Robert Wheirdicht,
is wanted for
murder and treason,
and is presently in possession
of highly classified state secrets,
which he intends
to sell to our enemies.
You mind?
(STAMMERING)
Uh, creamer's in the fridge.
What... What?
Oh, I don't need it.
What I do need is information.
I need you to tell me
everything and anything
about your contact with Agent Stone.
Agent Stone?
Bob, your friend Bob.
Come on.
Stay with me, please.
Okay, I think
there's a misunderstanding.
No. No, he is not my friend.
Then why did he list you
as his emergency contact
in all his personnel forms?
I'm sorry... He what?
Bob Stone has no siblings, or parents,
or family of any kind.
You are the only person
he listed in his personal references.
(STAMMERING)
Oh, that's crazy, all right?
I barely even know the guy.
Then why was he
sleeping on your couch?
Because we went out
and had drinks last night.
Oh, so you went out drinking
with your non-friend?
Okay.
All right, let's...
You're not...
Time out.
I'm pressing
the time-out button. Okay?
You guys barged in my house.
I pay my taxes.
So you're not gonna come here
and treat me like I'm the enemy, okay?
That's the first thing.
Now, if you want
to get into facts...
You wanna talk about facts?
This is Facebook's fault.
He sent me a friend request.
That's how this
whole thing started.
And you accepted?
Oh! Don't do that.
Don't do that to me.
Don't do that.
You give me a second. Okay?
Don't fire back like that.
First of all,
fuck Mark Zuckerberg, all right?
Now, I accepted
because it was Facebook.
And it's rude
when you don't accept it,
and I don't know if the person on
the other end can see me not accept it.
That's why I accepted.
Are you nervous, Mr. Joyner?
Is it hot?
Are you getting hot?
Because I'm getting hot.
I'm not gonna
take off my jacket
because that
makes me look guilty.
And that's what
you guys look for.
Hmm?
Is this what
a guilty man would do?
Look how comfortable I am.
Mr. Joyner, your friend Bob Stone
is a dangerous psychotic.
You're lucky
to be alive.
Okay, listen to me.
This man is not,
I repeat to you,
he is not, not, my friend!
Zero allegiance.
All right, Mr. Joyner,
prove it.
Yeah, well,
I need a second.
You gotta step outside.
I gotta take a shit.
This is a lot.
I got to go.
Just give me
a second, man!
-I'll be waiting.
-Jesus Christ!
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
All teams be advised,
we're Oscar Mike with the bait.
-I'm sorry, did you just call me "the bait"?
-No.
Yeah, you did.
She just called me the bait. Why am I the bait?
No, that doesn't
sound like something I'd ever say.
You just said it.
Hey, hey, hey.
What's going on here?
Sir, I'm gonna need you
to step aside.
This is a matter
of national security.
(LAUGHS)
Yeah, right!
I love it.
What is this? Like a strippergram
thing to suck up to Ethan?
Gotta love strippers.
So dirty.
Show us your tits!
(SINGSONG)
Hey, let's see some titty!
-(TASER CRACKLES)
-(GROANS)
-(ALL GASPING)
-(THUDS)
-This you?
-Yeah, right here.
You did this to yourself.
(STEVE GROANING)
Small.
Yeah.
(PHONE RINGS)
Calvin Joyner, Accounting.
Hello?
BOB:
Calvin?
(MOUTHING)
It's Bob! It's Bob!
Act natural.
Calvin. Is that you?
Are you there?
Well, hey. Well, yeah.
Yeah, wassup? Uh...
What up, Bobby-o?
(BRITISH ACCENT)
Are you quite well?
I'm in big trouble.
Oh, God! I screwed up.
I screwed up big time.
We gotta talk.
Can you meet me?
Sure, sure. Yeah.
Where? Where do you want me to meet you?
I'm in the stairwell
of your building, two flights down.
-Stairwell?
-Hurry!
He's in the stairwell,
two flights down!
-Move, move!
-Alert Charlie team.
Hold on.
What's going on? Am I safe here?
As long as Bob Stone
is in the building, no one's safe.
Get back in your office now!
Okay!
Good news is
we heard her, guys.
So, everybody, let's all just...
Let's all stay calm.
As long as...
What the hell is going on?
-Relax.
-Hey.
-Great job at getting them out of here, Jet.
-Oh, Bob!
That's teamwork!
Wait! How did you...
What did you just do?
It's a tradecraft, buddy.
Spoiler alert.
I'm in the CIA.
Oh, no shit!
Hey, hey! What're you
doing with my phone?
You about to turn
my phone into a bomb, aren't you?
I've seen
Homeland.
So I know what they do.
(LAUGHS)
Homeland?
No, I'm ordering us an Uber.
Six minutes.
That's kind of tight.
I'm gonna need your tie.
You're gonna... No!
Your necktie,
take it off.
-No, I'm not taking my tie off!
-Come on, Jet!
-Don't do that.
-(LAUGHS) That's good.
-Save it, save it, save it.
-Ow! What the...
-Save it, Jet.
-Fine, take it, take it.
-There we go, just right over here.
You can have it.
Okay, that...
Listen to me. Listen.
Stop. Stop!
I need to know
what is happening, right now.
Okay. Okay.
You know what? Moving too fast.
Bottom line,
are you in or you out?
What are you talk...
In or out of what?
Mmm-mmm.
No time for questions, just action.
-In or out?
-Okay, well, then I'm out.
I'm sorry, Jet.
Actually, you're already in.
What? Then why would
you ask me?
Because I thought
you would go, "I'm in, Bob!"
And we would've had
a really cool moment,
but you kind of
ruined the whole thing.
I ruined...
Okay, okay, okay.
Listen to me right now.
Bob, I don't know
what it is that you're into,
but what I do know
is that I am really, really 100% out!
Do you understand that?
-God, you are good!
-What?
Calvin Joyner, president of
the drama club for a reason, folks!
You're like a snack-size Denzel.
Okay. Stop it,
stop it, stop it.
This is not a game.
I'm being serious right now.
I'm... I'm out.
Okay. Okay.
I can't say
I'm not disappointed, Jet,
but if you're out,
you're out.
Thank you! I'm out!
Well, I'm just happy that we can
communicate openly and honestly.
I think it says a lot
about our relationship.
Wait, hold up, wait.
What're you doing? Oh, my God!
Here's the thing, though.
There's only one way
for you to get out.
What's that?
You gotta get in first.
What is it that...
What-what!
Take my gun, Jet,
we may have to kill some people.
Come on,
it's not gonna bite you.
I will do
no such thing.
I think you'll like it.
-I will not!
-You're gonna need it.
Oh! You're gonna need it!
(SHOUTING) He's in here!
Jet.
He's in there!
Bob's in there!
He's got a gun!
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
(GROANS)
Down, down, get down!
Move, move, move!
All right. I'm gonna
need your improv skills.
What?
Hostage role-play,
you ready?
No!
-Sweet, let's go.
-No, I said no!
I said no!
AGENT: He's got a hostage!
No!
No! Stop it,
you gonna get me killed!
CALVIN: Don't shoot!
(AGENTS COUGHING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
There we go, Jet!
(GASPS)
(SCREAMS)
-Hang tight, Jet!
-No, I'm not doing anything!
Stop including me
in your stuff!
CALVIN: Get him, Agent!
Hit him with the stick!
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
He got a coffee pot!
(SCREAMS)
(GROANS)
He got a banana!
Oh! Oh!
Whoa!
Freeze!
(BONE CRACKING)
Jet, help! (CHOKING)
What?
(STRAINING)
Golden Jet, help.
No, man, I'm not helping you!
-(GUN FIRES)
-(GROANS)
Oh, shit.
-Give me the gun!
-Stop it!
-Stop resisting!
-No, let me go!
(GROANS)
Let me go!
I'm trying to give it to you!
(GRUNTS)
Oh, shit!
-That was an accident!
-Don't move!
No, stop! Listen to me!
Let's go.
Wait, wait! Come on!
What are you... Ah!
Come on, man!
This has gotta stop! Okay?
Oh, okay.
Shit!
(GUNS FIRING)
(BULLETS RICOCHETING)
(CALVIN SCREAMS)
CALVIN: Don't shoot!
-Oh, God!
-Show us your hands!
-Drop your weapon!
-Do it now!
Ow!
Sorry, Jet.
It's over, Bob. Give up.
You know I can't do that, Pam.
There's nowhere to run,
Agent Stone.
Just like Caracas.
Uh, Caracas would've worked
if you trusted me like Calvin trusts me.
No. No!
That is not true.
I do not trust him!
I do not trust him at all.
As a matter of fact,
this is a perfect time for us to clear this up,
especially in
the middle of this standoff.
I shouldn't be here!
So I feel like me being
in the middle of this throws me in it.
So let me exclude myself.
-Hey, stay down!
-Don't move!
Okay, all right.
I'll stay in. I'll stay in.
I got a plan.
Might get us both killed,
but if it works, it'll be a totally boss story.
Cool?
-No! No, it's not cool!
-Cool.
No, I said it's not cool.
(SOFTLY)
I said it's not cool!
Time's up.
You're right, Pam.
My time is up.
In three, two,
one.
(ALARM RINGS)
Bob, Bob, Bob!
(SCREAMING) Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Oh, shit!
Whoo-hoo!
(CALVIN SCREAMING)
(BOB WHOOPING)
(BALLOON DEFLATING)
Whoo!
Did you feel that, Jet?
That was
the balls right there!
(GASPING)
Whoo!
CALVIN: Get it off!
You guys order an Uber?
-(GUNS FIRING)
-(BULLETS RICOCHETING)
What are you doing?
You better get your
tuches
in the car.
You're gonna get shot!
Don't shoot me! Shoot him!
Shoot him!
I'm out! I'm out! I'm out!
Let me in!
Let me in! Let me in!
Go, Bob!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Put the word out to all assets.
I'm doubling the price
on Bob's head.
Hey, what the shit, honey...
(GROANS)
Get Larry on it.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Car, car, car!
All right, well,
here's the dilly-o, Jet.
About three weeks ago,
an enemy of the state
codenamed The Black Badger
stole the encryption keys
to the entire U.S. spy satellite program,
which he's gonna
sell to a buyer
from that auction site
on your computer last night.
-Bob...
-If we lose control of our satellites,
we're completely vulnerable
to any terrorist attacks.
That's why I had to
go back to your office and get you, Jet.
I need your super sweet
accounting skills
to help me figure out
the last piece of this puzzle,
which is the transaction number
from the winning bid.
That'll tell us where
the deal is going down.
(HORNS BLARING)
That way, we can get
The Black Badger.
I can't do it
without you, Jet.
Stop the car.
You stop the car right now!
Stop the car!
Okay, okay.
That's a great idea, Jet.
We should get off
the grid right now.
(CALVIN SCREAMING)
All right. We're clear.
Okay.
Okay, let's just
take some deep breaths.
Okay? Deep breaths.
All you gotta do
is get out of this car
and have a rational conversation
with Bob, and he'll understand.
(EXHALES)
(BOB GRUNTS)
Robert, I would like
to go home now, please.
Buddy, you and me both.
But until we clear our names,
there's no going home.
I'm sorry, can you clarify
that last sentence for me?
Yeah, well,
now that you're in...
Let me stop you right there.
I'm not in.
I never said that I was in.
In fact, I expressly remember
saying that I was out!
I know,
but they think you're in.
(YELLS)
I'm freaking out!
I'm out!
-Who else do I have to tell?
-Hey, no, I get it.
-I'm not in!
-I'm just saying they think you're in.
-I get it.
I am not in!
I'm not in! I'm out!
One sec, Jet,
just gotta disable the GPS.
Where did you...
You wanna go under...
That's fine!
Wait a minute.
You did this on purpose,
didn't you?
This whole thing
was done on purpose.
This is your plan!
You tricked me!
-It's fine, but I know you tricked me.
-Trick you?
You tricked...
Hey, boy! What?
(LAUGHING)
What'd you just...
I didn't trick you,
you offered to help me.
You know what's funny?
Harris told me.
She told me everything, man.
She told me that you stole the codes.
Let me tell you something about Harris.
You can't trust her.
All right? She's already trying to
frame me for my partner's murder!
-You killed your partner?
-No.
I would never do that.
The Black Badger killed my partner.
Let me explain to you something, dude.
This is what happened.
After The Black Badger
stole the satellite encryption codes,
my partner Phil and I
tracked him to a penthouse in Kiev.
-Hey, Phil.
-Yeah.
I'll see you
on the other side.
See you on the other side.
All right.
-God, I love that guy.
-(BEEPING)
BOB:
He knew we were coming,
so he set a trap.
Hey, Bob! Bob!
No!
BOB:
Phil was my partner,
my teammate
and I couldn't save him.
-No!
-(EXPLOSION)
It was awful, Cal.
It was a setup,
right from the get-go.
Damn, man.
The Black Badger
was never there.
I should've been the one
on that elevator, not Phil.
God.
Okay. Bob, please,
I'm begging you, man.
Can you just let me go home?
CJ, I totally understand.
But right now,
Agent Harris and her taskforce
has that place
surveilled up the yin-yang.
She's got contract killers looking for us.
Your place isn't safe.
Oh, my God. Maggie.
Maggie! What the hell
am I supposed to do about Maggie?
-(TIRES SCREECHING)
-(GUN FIRING)
-Get down, Jet!
-(CALVIN SCREAMS)
Whoa!
Oh, shit! Oh!
(ENGINE REVS)
Look out, Bob!
(SCREAMS AND GRUNTS)
Who the hell is that?
Who is that? Bob?
Oh, shit.
Larry.
(GRUNTS)
Thought you retired.
I did.
But you're worth a lot of money,
Bob, dead or alive.
Well, tough luck, because I've got backup.
Ain't that right, Jet?
Jet!
(NUNCHUCK WHOOSHING)
(GROANS)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Hey, baby. I know.
I'm sorry I'm late.
The stupid Koplin
deposition ran long.
But I'm leaving right now.
I'll meet you at the house.
Okay. No, no, no!
Don't go home!
-Don't go home!
-Why? What's going on?
Nothing! Nothing.
I'm just running late, too.
So I was gonna say
let's just meet at Dr. Dan's office.
(MAGGIE STAMMERS)
Yeah. Okay.
Is everything all right?
Yeah! Yeah.
Why? Everything's...
Everything's fine.
Uh, because you kind of sound like Ray
Liotta at the end of
Goodfellas.
What?
(LAUGHS)
That's so funny, babe.
That's such a good reference.
That's classic Mags
right there.
So, um, okay.
So you're not gonna go home, right?
Okay, fine.
I won't go home.
I'll meet you at Dr. Dan's.
See you soon.
Okay. All right, bye.
All right, bye.
-(ENGINE REVVING)
-(TIRES SCREECHING)
Get in.
(STAMMERING) I'm gonna address
the elephant in the room.
Okay, first of all...
You guys,
I want to say sorry to.
Because what you're probably
thinking is not what happened.
Accidents!
I know you're like, "How can you
accidentally pistol-whip somebody
"and shoot somebody?"
Well, it can happen.
Okay? Today is proof
that it can happen. So...
I'm glad I got to
get that off my chest.
Relax, Mr. Joyner.
I believe you.
Okay, thank you.
Trust me, I know
a scared-shitless civilian when I see one.
You don't have to
convince me.
That...
You got him over here.
That is me.
Right now,
I'm not comfortable.
Okay. I am scared, okay?
I don't have no shit in my system.
If I sat down on a toilet,
nothing's coming out.
Farts or just air.
(MAKING AIR WHIZZING NOISES)
It'd sound like lasers.
Thank you
for that description.
Mr. Joyner,
let me explain something.
Bob's last four psych evals
show a person rapidly
losing his grip on reality.
Bob became obsessed with a ghost,
a figment of his imagination
he started calling
The Black Badger.
This obsession led
to an instability,
first reported by
his partner Phil three weeks ago.
Just before Phil
was killed in the field.
Do you know how Phil died?
Yeah, Bob told me that
The Black Badger killed him.
What?
Mr. Joyner, Bob Stone
is The Black Badger.
Phil was Bob's partner
of six years. His best friend.
See you on the other side.
(BEEPING)
Hey, Bob!
AGENT HARRIS:
After he stole the satellite encryption codes,
Bob betrayed Phil.
No!
He killed him
to cover his tracks.
And after that,
Bob went rogue.
This is all
that's left of Phil.
Um...
This is Pornhub.
Oh. Shit, shit, shit.
Sorry.
There you go.
CALVIN: Oh!
Oh, God!
Oh, I didn't see that coming.
Oh, man!
It's a hell
of a way to go.
Okay, wait a minute.
Why wouldn't Bob just
go sell the satellite encryption codes himself?
Because in a black market
blind-bidding situation,
the buyer and seller,
they don't know each other.
They need the auction site
to tell them exactly where to meet up
and when to make
the exchange.
The transaction number
from the auction site gives them that,
which means
Bob still needs you.
Which is why we find ourselves
in a little catch-and-release scenario.
You are the only one Bob trusts.
That's why we're
putting you in the field.
The next time
you're with Bob,
press this button.
We're going to have him cold.
Now, go take care
of your marriage.
Oh, one more thing.
Don't tell your wife shit.
All right.
I just don't know what's wrong.
I mean, the man
that I married,
the person I knew
in high school,
he was filled with
drive and desire.
I mean, we used to sneak off
every lunch hour
and make out under
the gym bleachers.
Like, that guy, back then,
he wanted things, you know?
Hey, I'm sorry I'm late.
I couldn't find the parking.
Hi. No, no. It's okay.
We got started without you.
-Babe, Calvin, this is Dr. Dan.
-Okay.
Hello, Calvin.
-Hey.
-Oh, shit!
Whoa, what's the matter?
-Holy shit! Get behind me! Get behind me.
-What?
It's okay, Maggie.
It's okay. Just relax.
This is a very common reaction
in the therapeutic process.
-It is?
-What?
It is. It absolutely is.
Calvin, this is a very safe place.
Please, sit down.
-This is not a safe place!
-No, no, honey, it's a safe place.
No, this is most definitely
not a safe place!
Me and my wife are leaving.
Let's go.
No, no, no!
You are going to sit down
and we are gonna go through
this therapeutic process...
-Yes.
-...together, as a couple.
Fine, fine, fine.
-Sit down. Thank you.
-Fine.
Fine.
Okay, guys.
Why don't we start off
with a little bit
of word association?
Okay.
This is exciting.
I've heard this can really open a couple up.
BOB: Uh...
Maggie, I'm going to
offer you a word
and you respond
however you're moved to from here.
Okay.
-Black.
-White.
-Water.
-Ocean.
-Sunshine.
-Happy.
-I'm very impressed, Maggie.
-Really?
You're very in tune.
I'm very in tune.
Calvin, you're next.
I do not want to do this.
Relax, Calvin.
There are no wrong answers.
Up.
Down.
Mmm.
Mmm? What is that?
What're you writing
in your book?
-It's fine. Don't freak out.
-Nobody's freaking out.
I just don't understand
the rules to the game.
Freaking out.
Let's switch gears
for a second, okay?
Why don't we try a simple
role-playing exercise?
Calvin, you be Calvin
and I will become Maggie.
(GASPS) Mmm.
I'm confused.
It's called soul gazing.
Stare into my soul
and I'll stare into yours.
-Maggie, this...
-Hey. Shh.
There's no talking,
and don't look away.
(WHISPERS)
Stare into my soul.
-You are not my...
-Shh. There's no talking.
Babe, I'm not staring...
(WHISPERS) Me and you.
Stay with me. I'm your wife.
-You are not my wife.
-Shh. Hey.
(GASPS)
How could you hit your wife?
How can I what?
-You hit your wife!
-No!
-He hit me!
-Okay.
-He hit you!
You hit us!
-I'm swaddling you.
-I know what you're doing.
-I know what you're...
Come here.
Oh, my God!
You know what?
We're leaving! Let's go!
This is not real.
It's real to me.
You know what, Calvin?
If you can't commit
to working on our marriage,
then you need to
let me know.
-Maggie, you...
-(DOOR OPENS)
(LAUGHING GLEEFULLY)
-What!
-Oh, my God!
You're...
Something's not right.
Come on, Jet.
Come on, listen. Come on, Jet!
Now, I know things
got a little rough there at the end.
But the truth is,
with all the heat
that you have
coming down on you,
Maggie is definitely safer
without you.
And, trust me,
when this whole thing is said and done,
and you basically save the entire free world,
she's going to forgive you.
It'll all work itself out.
It'll all work itself out?
Okay, Bob, you know,
I'm sick of playing games with you.
Where's the real Dr. Dan?
-(MUFFLED SCREAMING)
-What-what?
Oh, my... Dr. Dan,
I had nothing to do with this.
He's fine. I'll get you
some water in a little bit. Thanks, Doc.
(STAMMERING)
That's it. That is it.
That is it.
All right, Jet. I see that Harris
has given you a button to push.
Relax, I would've taken the same deal,
too, if I was in your shoes.
Otherwise,
she wouldn't let you out of her sight, right?
It makes perfect sense.
But you're not going to
press the button, right?
You got the top-secret
satellite codes?
Yes or no?
This ain't the time
to bullshit me.
Okay, my ass is sweating.
I'm nervous.
Don't bullshit me!
Of course not, dude.
Hey, come on!
Of course I don't
have the codes.
Why would I go through
all this trouble, then?
I need your skill set, Jet,
to help me get the bank transaction
numbers to the winning bid.
We already know
it's going down tonight
from the countdown
on your computer.
Now, all we need
is the where.
And the bank transaction numbers
will give us the where.
That's why I need you.
Your job gives you
access to exactly that kind of information.
Then we can get The Badger,
we can get the buyer in one fell swoop.
And it'll all
be over tonight.
Please, I swear.
You gotta believe me.
Can't you just get us
the transaction number?
Not when the money originates
from an offshore account.
When that happens,
then only a certified
international banking
official can access it.
But, I mean,
it shouldn't be a problem.
We just give this guy the offshore account
numbers that you gave me,
then he can give us
the transaction number
without knowing that
he's committing treason when he does it.
-Sound familiar?
-Ouch.
Low blow, CJ.
Hey, besides, it's only
treason if we're wrong.
Who's this
mystery man?
It's Trevor.
(LAUGHING)
Trevor.
This week just
keeps getting better, you know?
I mean, Robbie Wheirdicht and
Calvin "The Golden Jet" Joyner in my office.
Who would've thunk it?
Not me.
This is great, huh?
And talk about
caterpillar to the butterfly.
What is this? P90X?
More like P1,000,000X. Huh?
Congratulations.
CALVIN: Hey, um...
I really appreciate
the help, Trevor.
My client's all on me
to get this stuff handled right away.
So, you know,
if we could...
Say no more.
It's my pleasure. I've been there.
These international accounts
can be very, very tricky
if you don't have
the right clearances.
You can get a bunch
of digital red tape.
And I'm happy to help,
you know?
Robbie.
You're such a blast
from the past, buddy.
How long has it been since I saw you?
Was it high school?
(WHIMPERING)
What's that?
Um, how we doing with those
account access codes?
-It's coming.
-Are they coming? Everything's good?
It's coming, it's coming.
I'm going as fast as I can.
I know you guys
are in a rush. I'm so sorry.
Anything for a couple
of fellow Centaurs.
Speaking of which, you guys are going
to the reunion tonight, right?
No, I don't think so.
You're both going.
Here it is. Here's your
transaction number.
You're both going
because you want to know what?
They're going to vote
on homecoming king and queen again.
Maybe you and Maggie
can make it two for two.
Now, before you go,
stay seated one second.
Give me two minutes,
sit down.
(SIGHS)
Men, a few years ago...
I found the Lord Almighty.
And, ever since then,
my life has been completely different. Okay?
He's got a plan for
each and every one of us,
and in his infinite wisdom,
he makes no mistakes. Hmm?
You're right about that.
I think the Lord
put you here because
he wants me to get
something off my chest.
He wants me to
clear my conscience
and he wants me to
ask for forgiveness.
Robert, what I did
to you at that rally in senior year
was a cowardly act.
It's something
that I've regretted every single day.
Yeah. I mean, bullying
is a national crisis.
It can leave people
with a lifetime of pain.
So...
I just want to say
how truly sorry I am
for what happened. You know?
Or for what I did.
It didn't just happen.
I did it.
I did it, and I wish to God
that I had not done it.
So, I'm hoping
that you can find it in your heart
to forgive me.
I wasn't
expecting this at all.
Don't I know it.
I know it.
I'm just so happy.
I don't know
what to say.
How about you say,
"The Oscar goes to
Trevor Olson."
What do you mean?
(LAUGHING)
Weird Dick!
You stupid ass!
Good God, you're dumb!
Dumber than ever, I guess!
And you, too, Calvin.
Look at that stupid look
on those two faces.
"The Lord taught me to care."
Unbelievable.
I'm a Scientologist.
Okay, that's "A."
And thetan-free since 2003.
Clear as shit.
And I'm sorry for what I did?
Let me tell you what I'm sorry about.
I'm sorry I didn't toss your naked
ass out there three more times.
It was the best senior prank ever.
I still get emails about it.
Know what?
You're going to regret
you ever opened your mouth.
You hear me, Trevor?
Oh, yeah?
How come, Calvin?
Oh, because he's about
to whoop your ass, that's why.
-Who is?
-Bob, get up.
Bob, get up
and whoop his ass.
Oh, here she comes!
Let me tell you something.
Weird Dick can't chug
a bunch of steroids and elk urine
and miraculously be able
to kick my ass all of a sudden, okay?
It ain't gonna happen.
'Cause here's why.
Once a fat kid,
always a fat kid.
Huh? Prove me wrong.
Bob, come on.
Do what you did in the bar.
Come on, hit me!
And I'll sue your ass
and take your fanny pack away.
(BLOWS)
What's the matter with you?
I just want to go.
She wants to go.
Go ahead. There you go.
No, it's a push.
Boy, 50-50 shot.
You missed that.
At least you found
the handle.
Boy, he's still
a scared little bitch.
You know,
you're still an asshole.
Yeah, well, you're still
shorter than my cat.
Here's your
transaction number.
Hit it, Ant-Man.
-(CLEARS THROAT) Thank you, Trevor.
-Yup.
Glad to see you
haven't changed a bit.
Bye-bye now.
-Was it push or pull?
-Clean push.
-Which one is it?
-You want me to do it for you?
Which one is it?
Hey, hey, hey!
God damn it, Joyner!
Jenny!
Jenny, get the Windex!
And security for this one.
Get your asshole off my door!
That's it!
Bob! Bob.
Bob! Bob! Bob!
(SIGHS)
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
Mr. Joyner, guess who
we're about to arrest
for conspiracy
to commit treason.
That's right.
Your lovely wife.
So, here's what
you're gonna do.
You're gonna tell us exactly
where you and Bob are.
And then you're
gonna go outside
and you're gonna
keep Bob on-site
until we arrive.
And if he leaves, you lose.
Is that clear?
Oh, hey.
I don't know what happened in there,
and I just froze up.
I locked up. I'm sorry.
Look, Bob...
No, I gotta tell you
something, CJ. Listen.
You're the only one
who's ever been nice to me,
the only one who's
never laughed at me.
And you're the only one
in this whole world that I trust.
And I know
you have a lot of friends,
but I don't.
You're my only friend,
Calvin.
And I will never
let you down again, I promise.
I'm sorry, man.
Sorry for what?
I told Harris
where we are.
They were going to
hurt Maggie.
I had to.
I didn't have a choice.
I'm sorry.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
Freeze, Bob!
Hands on your head!
Do it now!
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
I know you know
how this goes,
so I'll spare you
the dramatics.
I'll ask you just once.
Where are the satellite
encryption codes?
Aw, what's the matter, Bob?
Are you upset that
your friend turned you in?
I don't have
any friends.
Okay, I don't want to
watch this, guys.
Don't worry,
it'll be over quick.
She always gets them
to break.
AGENT HARRIS:
Okay.
You have it your way.
We're gonna do this
old-school.
Get the extraction tools.
CALVIN: The extraction tools?
If you don't have
the stomach for it, you can go.
Come on.
Stop recording.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
Why am I coming here?
I was told I'd be able to leave.
You can leave
when Agent Harris says you can leave,
which might be never.
I gotta watch this.
(GRUNTING)
-(BONE CRACKS)
-(GROANS)
(BOB CONTINUES GROANING)
I'm sorry, Bob.
I'm sorry, man.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(BOB CONTINUES GROANING)
Oh, Jesus!
What the hell?
(GROANS)
Oh! Hey! Hey!
Don't move!
You get your hands off!
Get them off the keyboard!
-What are you doing, Calvin?
-Give me your keycard!
Give me your keycard!
Give it to me.
-Hey, hey...
-Go sit down.
Okay. Yeah.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
-Sit down! Sit down!
-Okay, okay, okay.
(BOB BREATHING HEAVILY)
You know, Bob?
This is actually
my favorite part of the job.
Thank you for being
so uncooperative.
What do you think
your little buddy Joyner
would say if he could
see you like this?
Two words.
I'm in.
What-what?
You're making a big mistake,
Mr. Joyner.
That's only if I'm wrong.
Come on, Bob. Let's go!
What're you doing?
Come on, man!
(PANTING)
Okay. Okay, listen to me.
Bob, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry
I double-crossed you. You hear me?
I should've believed you,
I should've trusted you, and I didn't.
I'm sorry for that.
Listen to me. Bob,
we don't have time for this, man! We don't.
I need you to tap into
that super-spy stuff,
and I need you to
get us the hell out of here right now.
Do you hear me?
Now, come on, man.
We boys?
We're boys.
Oh!
-Sorry, Jet.
-(BONES CRACKING)
Oh, God!
-(GROANS)
-Oh, God!
See? Good as new.
Wow.
Sorry, man.
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
AGENT: Go, go!
-(ALARM BLARING)
-Get me out!
He got the jump on us.
Give me the key.
Here, Jet! Get him!
Watch out!
(CHOKING)
Did you see that, Bob?
I did the thing!
-I did the thing, Bob!
-Yeah!
-(LAUGHS)
-Yeah! Yeah!
-Come on! Follow me!
-Let's do it!
No! What am I doing? Here!
You go! You bigger.
-Okay.
-I'm behind you.
AGENT 1: Roger that, base.
Confirming there's been a security breach.
Oh, my God.
There's two of them.
Yeah, I'll distract them
and you open the door, okay?
-What? No!
-Let's roll.
No, no.
Go, go!
AGENT 1: Close in!
AGENT 2: Moving out!
-Freeze, Bob!
-BOB: Sorry about this, guys.
-(BOB GRUNTS)
-(SCREAMING)
-BOB: Nope, come here.
-(AGENT SCREAMS)
(DOOR BEEPS)
Come on.
Wrong keycard, pal.
Turn around.
You needed this one.
On the ground, now.
Can I say something first?
-What?
-This is going to hurt.
-(BOB GRUNTS)
-(CALVIN EXCLAIMS)
(GROANS)
Hey, get the keycard!
Let's roll.
All right.
Which car
are we taking?
Not that one.
Oh. Oh, my God.
Oh, God. Oh!
Here we go, Jet.
Bob, they are
shooting at us!
It's okay,
it's bulletproof.
Drive, drive!
(WHISTLING)
(GRUNTS) Here you go, Jet.
What's this?
Bug-out bag,
courtesy of the CIA.
Go ahead and grab that
encrypted phone in there.
For what?
You still have
the bank transaction code?
How are transaction numbers
gonna help us
find out
where the bad guys are?
Well, it's not bank
transaction numbers or codes, it's actually...
Longitude and latitude.
(LAUGHS)
Look at the spy brain
on the Jet! What-what!
You're like
a chocolate Google. (MIMICS BEEPING)
Bob, don't do that.
Stop it. Stop it.
(SIGHS)
You're getting
good at this, man.
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
It's longitude and latitude.
All you gotta do
is plug those digits into the GPS, and boom!
We're gonna catch
the buyer and The Badger, just like that.
-(PHONE CHIMES)
-Boston.
(SIGHS)
We're gonna need a plane.
You ever steal a plane before?
-I stole some Starbursts one time.
-Mmm-hmm.
So I don't know
if that compares or anything,
but I wasn't
successful with that.
On the way out,
I dropped them.
I dropped the whole bag.
The guy caught me.
"What's that?"
I just said, "It's Starbursts."
Told him myself.
It was a mess.
(SNAPS FINGERS)
Check it out.
The universe provides.
CALVIN: Oh.
Golden Jet.
-Golden Jet.
-It's just one guard in there.
-All right.
90% of spy work
is distraction.
You get in there and distract that
guard, I'm gonna get us a plane.
What?
I don't know
what the hell you expect...
(WHISPERS) Bob!
Bob!
Damn it!
(DOOR OPENS)
Hey, I need a plane.
Sir, you cannot be in here.
This is a private airfield.
I understand that
but I have an organ in this cooler right now
that needs to get
transported ASAP.
Really?
Because my sister-in-law
had a heart transplant last year
and they did not bring it
in a Playmate lunch cooler.
Well, I hate to break it to you,
but this is not...
This is not a heart.
Oh, it's not a heart?
No, it's not.
Mmm. What is it then?
It's a dick.
Okay.
I am made of
questions right now.
Well, you don't
have to ask.
Last night,
lady got into it with a man.
She ended up
cutting his pecker off.
She left with it,
got in a car, drove,
got on 95,
threw it out the window.
The second-largest penis hunt
in the state history.
The man was Korean, so you better
believe it took a long time to find.
GUARD: You're stereotyping
Korean dicks.
That's racist.
I've seen Korean dicks
bigger than you.
Okay, sir, we don't need
to demean each other here.
I don't believe
a word you're saying.
Let me see it.
I have no problem
showing you this.
So if you wanna see it,
then get ready to see.
-Here I go.
-Go for it.
(HISSING)
Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
(SCREAMS) I'm just kidding.
This is my friend.
Oh.
It's my buddy.
His name's Snake Gyllenhaal.
-He guards my lunch.
-Okay, that's enough.
It's gotta be Harris,
right?
What do you mean?
I mean, she's gotta be
The Black Badger.
It's the only thing
that makes sense.
I mean, she's had access
to the encryption codes
and she's so hot
and bothered
about pinning
this whole thing on you.
It's gotta be her!
(SIGHS) I don't know, Jet.
I mean, I'm pretty sure she
thinks I'm The Black Badger.
She worked me over
pretty good in that interrogation room.
-(ENGINE SPUTTERING)
-Hold on, wait, wait. What's going on?
What's that? Whoa, whoa!
-What's going on right now, Bob?
-(ALARM BLARING)
No biggie.
We're completely out of gas.
Oh, my...
Oh! (SCREAMING)
We're going down, Jet!
There's nothing I can do!
Oh, shit!
Really quickly.
What's the one thing
you wish you'd done in your life?
The one thing
I wish I hadn't done
is not get in
a plane with a guy
who didn't check
the goddamned fuel!
Why wouldn't you
check the fuel?
No, something that's real.
What's the one thing
you regret not doing for you?
Oh, my God!
I think we're gonna die!
(WAILING)
Not having a kid, man!
Not being a father!
I regret not being a father!
Maggie, I should've
gave you a kid!
I should've gave you
my seed, Maggie!
I should've!
I'm so selfish!
(ENGINE TURNS ON)
I'm sorry, Maggie!
(SIGHS)
-That wasn't so hard, right?
-What?
Hey, just for the record,
I think
you'd make a great dad.
Did you just fake
this whole thing?
Yeah, kind of.
Oh, you gotta be
shitting me glory!
No, not at all.
I just thought, like, maybe
a facing-your-own-death situation
might help motivate you
to clarify some of your goals in life.
And hey,
between me and you,
I know you've been
struggling a little bit.
You know what
I'm struggling with right now, Bob?
Not whooping your ass.
(CHUCKLES) Okay, Jet.
Hey, you're really cute when you cry.
Stop it! Enough!
I don't get it.
I mean, if these
coordinates are correct,
we should be standing
right on top of it.
Well, the deal
doesn't go down for another 30 minutes, Jet,
so we're kind of early.
No!
Why would you do it
out in the open like this?
Why would you
take that risk?
Just doesn't
make any sense, man.
Shit! Come on.
Wait.
Oh, wait.
It's not happening up here.
No, it's not.
Oh, it's happening
beneath us. Look.
It's an underground
parking garage.
Yeah,
that's a good eye, Jet.
Why don't you stay up here?
Keep overwatch.
I'll go down there
and check things out.
Wait, what?
No, I'm going with you.
You can't go with me.
The smarter play is if we split up.
Smarter play for who?
Do you know what happens
when people split up, Bob?
Somebody dies!
I'd be the one to die.
You know why?
Because I don't have a bulletproof vest
and I don't have a gun!
Which means that
you are my bulletproof vest!
My little black ass is gonna stay behind
you, you're not leaving me!
That's exactly why
you should stay up here.
Look, if you went down
in that garage and you got shot to death,
you know how hurt
I would be?
I'd be super bummed out!
I don't want that.
It's safer for you
up here.
If something happened up here,
what am I supposed to do, Bob?
How do I get your attention?
Make a bird call?
(SQUAWKING)
Does that sound like
a bird to you? Huh?
That's my biggest weakness!
I can't make bird noises.
I never could.
So if that's what I gotta depend on to live,
it means I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die up here,
by myself,
sounding like
a dead-ass pigeon.
(SCREECHES)
I have no idea
what a pigeon...
Jet, Jet, Jet!
You don't have to make bird noises.
You don't have to
sound like a pigeon.
All you gotta do is call me
on the encrypted phone that's in your hand.
-Okay?
-Okay, yeah.
-I'll be right back. All right?
-Okay.
Oh, Jet.
I'll see you
on the other side.
Yeah.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
(GUN COCKS)
You're early.
So are you.
(EXHALES) Come on.
CALVIN: (WHISPERS)
Oh, my God!
I knew it!
I knew she was The Black Badger!
Oh, my God!
Pick up the phone.
(LINE RINGING)
BOB:
Yello?
Bob, Harris is
The Black Badger!
Hello?
Harris is The Black Badger!
I can't hear you.
(BOB LAUGHS)
Just kidding! I'm not here.
Leave a message at the beep.
-(MUSIC PLAYING)
-What?
(BEEPING)
Oh. Harris is The Black Badger.
Harris is The Black Badger.
I knew it! I knew it!
Bob! Harris is The...
(GUNS COCKING)
Who is he?
That's my partner.
I don't like splitting my fees.
The package. Please.
Thought you'd never ask.
Wait! You're making a mistake.
Hello, Bob.
But you're dead.
Not as much
as people think.
Look, he's not
The Black Badger,
I am.
And those aren't
the encryption codes, these are.
He's lying to you.
This man is a CIA agent,
and he's trying to sell you bogus plans.
(GROANING SOFTLY)
Damn.
Ow, ow.
He shot me!
These are the real codes
and I am
the real Black Badger.
Bob is The Black Badger.
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
I am The Black Badger.
Phil?
No, I'm The Black Badger.
I'm starting to think
I might be The Black Badger.
(ALL CHUCKLING)
Here's the thing.
I have no idea who is
the real Black Badger.
And I don't care.
'Cause I'm The Honey Badger.
And The Honey Badger doesn't give a shit.
The Honey Badger's nasty.
He's so nasty,
he'll take them both.
-(GUNS COCKING)
-Hand them over.
Phil, when this thing
is over,
I'm going to rip
your throat out
like Patrick Swayze
in
Road House.
PHIL: Oh, my God.
You and
Road House.
Get over that movie.
It sucked then,
it sucks now.
The only movie
that sucks more is
Sixteen Candles.
How dare you!
-Drop your weapons!
-(GUNS FIRING)
(MEN GROANING)
Oh! Oh, shit!
The codes.
Don't do it.
Stupid.
(EXHALES)
Okay.
One,
two,
three! Shit!
(CALVIN YELLS)
Uh-oh! Oh!
No!
He's got the codes!
(GRUNTING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(YELLS)
Whoo!
I mean,
this is crazy, right?
You stay the hell
away from me, Bob!
You shot me in the neck!
Jet!
(GROANS)
(PANTING)
(WINCES)
Okay.
Golden Jet for the win!
(LAUGHS)
No. Shit!
Drop your weapon, Bob.
Oh, shit!
Get behind me, Mr. Joyner.
Uh, you don't wanna
do that, Jet.
It's obvious he's the bad guy.
I'm the good guy.
You wanna get behind me.
Agent Harris had me go dark
to get Bob to reveal himself
as The Black Badger.
You don't seriously
believe this guy, do you?
You wanna get behind me, Jet.
You betrayed
your nation, Bob.
your partner, Phil.
Okay, no, wait!
Everybody just stop!
Cut the shit!
I'm gonna cut
the line right now!
I cut the shit!
Hear me?
Now, I don't care who betrayed who.
Okay? I just
don't wanna get hurt!
So there ain't
gonna be no...
(GUNS FIRING)
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(PANTING)
Smart move, Mr. Joyner.
You've done your country
a great service.
Now, hand me the firearm
and we'll turn over
the satellite codes together.
Stay right there, man.
Don't you take another step.
Just because I shot him
does not mean I trust you.
We don't have
time for this.
Stop! I said, "Stop."
(GUN CLICKS)
Aw. Whoopsie.
(GRUNTS)
(SCOFFS)
Nice throw, bitch.
You wanna know
why your pal Bob
could never have been
The Black Badger?
It's because
he's too weak.
And if I had to hear
another goddamned story
about Calvin
"The Golden Jet" Joyner
and how awesome
you were in high school,
and how you were this
big idiot's best friend,
I was just
gonna lose it.
Looking at you right now,
you don't seem so cool.
You just seem
like a regular guy.
An everyday Joe.
You know, faking my own death
was the easy part.
But dealing with Bob,
day after day, was the hard part.
Hey, Phil.
What, Bob?
I'll see you
on the other side.
No, I hope we don't.
I hope we don't. All right?
Just no. Bye, bye, bye.
Just go.
I made up The Black Badger,
rigged up a blood bag,
-and that big dummy bought it.
-(BEEPING)
Bob!
No, no! (GRUNTING)
Hang on, buddy.
No, there's some
sort of bomb in here.
You're pushing it closed,
I think.
No, no, no. Sorry.
-No, don't give up!
-Bye, Bob.
PHIL:
I'm getting away
with a half a billion dollars.
And Boy Scout Bob
is gonna spend his life in prison.
Ain't America great?
So now you're gonna be
the second partner of Bob's to die.
Just relax.
On your knees, Golden Jet.
(GRUNTS) Oh!
What the hell was that?
(GROANING)
Golden Jet flip.
Yeah? Well,
you really suck at it.
I know.
Then why'd you do it?
Distraction.
(GRUNTS)
(GASPING)
Oh, you just pulled
his throat out!
I'll see you
on the other side.
(GRUNTS)
Oh, Jet, come here.
Give me your hand, old buddy.
Oh, shit!
Get that away from me!
Sorry, Jet.
Come here, Jet.
That was a trachea.
Great distraction, man!
Sorry I had to shoot you, Jet.
It was the only way I could save your life.
But when you shot me to get Phil to
confess that he was The Black Badger,
that was some
next-level-type shit!
Yeah, no. I'm glad
you see it the way I saw it, you know?
That was my plan
the whole time, so...
You are a natural
for this line of work.
I mean, you're smart,
you got the skill set, you're a people person,
and you already got
a dope-ass code name, The Golden Jet! What!
But in the meantime,
we gotta get those encryption codes
over to Harris right away
or we're gonna be late.
What are you talking about?
Late for what?
The reunion, dude.
What-what! (CHUCKLES)
This shit's on!
Bob. (WINCES) Damn it.
(HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
Bob!
One more thing.
Thanks for securing
the satellite codes.
You really saved my ass.
Your country thanks you.
Just doing my job.
I'm really sorry
about your hand.
I hope you know
that wasn't personal.
Oh, no hard feelings
at all, Pam.
Mmm-mmm. Besides,
everybody makes mistakes.
Calvin, here, thought
you were The Black Badger.
(STAMMERS)
I don't...
No, I don't think...
When we were in the plane,
you said, "Hey, Harris is The Black..."
I think you should...
Maybe I...
(CLEARS THROAT)
Mr. Joyner, it was a pleasure
working with you.
If you ever want
a career change, you give me a call.
If I were to give you a call,
how would I get in touch with you?
Just pick up any phone in your house.
They're all bugged.
(CHUCKLES)
You're crazy.
Hey, you're crazy!
(CHUCKLES)
That's a good one.
Calvin! I got your text
and came right over.
Where the hell have you been?
Why did you get out of a helicopter?
Hey, uh, Maggie.
Hi!
Babe, why is Dr. Dan with you?
Um...
That's not Dr. Dan.
Allow me to properly
introduce myself.
My name is Bob Stone,
the artist formerly known
as Robbie Wheirdicht.
I work for the CIA.
I roped your husband into
helping me track down a traitor
who was gonna sell
military state secrets to a terrorist.
We did all that,
we stopped them,
we saved the free world,
and here we are.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
What the hell is going on?
Okay, listen. Listen.
I've been a fool.
All right?
I thought that
my life was a failure.
I thought that it wasn't special.
But it is special.
It's special
because I have you in it.
You are my world.
You are what makes me special.
You're everything
to me, Mags.
I love you.
BOB: Okay.
Here come the waterworks.
I promised myself
I wouldn't do this.
-Come on, come on.
-Okay.
-That's Robbie Wheirdicht?
-Yeah.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
(HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
-Hi, Brian.
-Hi, Gail.
Guys, this isn't a good idea.
You know what?
I'll just meet you later.
I shouldn't have come.
Wait, wait, wait.
Bob, calm down, okay?
Listen to me.
Tonight is not gonna be
how high school was for you 20 years ago.
I promise.
HOSTESS:
Attention,
por favor.
And now,
for the moment you've all been waiting for,
tonight's vote for the reunion
homecoming king and queen!
We'll announce
the queen in one moment.
But first,
without further ado,
the new homecoming king
for the Central High School Centaurs,
Class of 1996 is...
I really gotta pee, Jet.
...Bob Stone!
(INDISTINCT MURMURING)
Do we have a Bob Stone?
Here he is, Bob Stone!
(SCATTERED CLAPPING)
Yeah!
Go on, get your
rock-hard ass up there.
For reals?
For reals, for reals.
Go ahead, man.
Whoo!
You did it, big guy!
(INDISTINCT MURMURING)
How did Bob Stone
win homecoming king?
I hacked into the votes
on the flight in.
Calvin Joyner,
forensic accountant, at your service.
(CHUCKLES)
I had no idea
you could do that.
There's a lot of things
that you don't know about me, Maggie.
No, scratch that I said that.
It was supposed to
come out cool. It didn't.
It was something I thought of,
it was like a... Forget it.
Well, well,
let's hear it for him!
Fat Robbie made good.
King Robbie Weird Dick,
our naked mascot.
Still a scared little bitch.
(GROANS)
(ALL EXCLAIM)
I don't like bullies.
(ALL CHEERING)
And the name is
Bob Stone, bitch!
Whoo-whoo!
Come on, baby. Step over.
BOB:
Hi, everybody.
Most of you knew me
back in high school as, um,
Robbie Wheirdicht.
MAN 1: That's Robbie Wheirdicht?
MAN 2: No way!
I wore prescription pants every day.
Twenty years ago,
in this gym,
I stood in front of you all
naked
and embarrassed.
Some of you might
remember that day.
A lot of you
probably even laughed.
But that's okay.
Tonight's gonna be
different because
my best friend
is here with me.
And he taught me what it means
to be the hero of your own story.
Would you hold
this for me, please?
Being the hero
of your own story
isn't about stopping bad guys
or climbing mountains.
It's about overcoming
bullies in your life,
whatever or whomever
they may be.
It's about
putting it all out there
for everyone
to see.
And it's realizing that,
in life,
the most important thing
that you can be
is yourself.
So, Central High,
Class of 1996,
this is me, Robbie Wheirdicht.
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
(GASPING)
Oh, my God!
Bob just went commando!
Yes! Yes!
(ALL CHEERING)
CALVIN: Way to go, Bob!
Be you!
Robbie! Robbie!
ALL: (CHANTING)
Robbie! Robbie! Robbie!
-Hey, man!
-(LAUGHS)
Dude, this is amazing!
I'm so happy for you!
Thank you, Jet!
I feel so free!
Come here.
No, no, no. Your junk is out.
Your junk.
Oh.
-Yeah, sorry, Jet.
-Excuse me.
Hi, Robbie.
-You probably don't remember me.
-Darla.
Is that
Darla McGuckian?
-Yeah.
-Wow!
She looks great!
Didn't she used to
have a lazy eye?
-Two of them.
-Wow.
I can't believe
you remember me.
Remember you?
How could I forget you?
You still have the same sweet smile,
the same sweet face.
But your hair's changed.
You used to wear it curlier.
I like it, though.
You haven't
changed at all.
Oh, I don't know.
You're still as
beautiful as ever.
Oh.
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
-Yeah, Bob!
-Go, Bob!
No, no, no.
(ALL CHEERING AND LAUGHING)
(EXHALES) I got spinny.
Super spinny.
Yeah, that's nice.
-That's my jam!
-Go show them what you got.
All right, Darla.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINGS)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Good going, Bob!
Go, Bob! Come on, Bob!
(ALL CHEERING)
-All right, babe.
-Good luck!
-Love you.
-I love you.
I love you, too,
little Golden Jet!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Mmm...
Okay. Uh...
How long do you think he's been there?
MAGGIE: Hmm,
probably since last night.
All right, babe,
I'll see you later.
Have fun with your friend!
(MOUTHING) Who, me?
Yes, you.
(LAUGHS) Wow!
Jet! You look amazing!
-You think?
-Oh, what? Yes!
I didn't know,
I just didn't know the kind of look to go for
on my first day
at the agency.
You look like
a black Will Smith, or something.
Okay. Well, I'm not sure
if that's racist or not,
but I'll take it
as a compliment.
All right, cool.
Yeah, come on!
Okay. (LAUGHS)
All right. Don't be nervous.
You are gonna do great.
They're gonna love you.
Oh, oh, Jet, Jet, Jet.
Um, before we go, man...
I got a surprise for you.
Okay. What's the surprise?
Well, you gotta
close your eyes first.
Eyes are closed.
No peeking.
Open your eyes.
Is that my...
Is that my jacket?
Yes!
-Bob, is that my jacket?
-Yes!
-No, wait a minute.
Oh, my God!
Dude, where'd you
get this from?
Well, I sleep in it
most nights,
but it's clean now,
totally good. Yeah!
Man! You are the man! Yes!
Family hug! What?
Ooh! Okay.
All right, let's go!
-Okay.
-All right.
You still ride?
(SIREN WAILING)
DIRECTOR: Cut!
The fire department's here.
All right.
That's our cue, guys!
Here we are shooting
Central Intelligence.
Shooting
BOTH: They shut us down.
The fire trucks are out here.
-Shut the (BLEEP) up!
-Get the (BLEEP) out my video!
I'm gonna slap
the dogshit out of you.
Why do you do
your video behind me?
-I'm trying to do my video!
-This is my video!
-You're in my (BLEEP) video!
-I'm pissed off.
Watch your mouth,
I'll slap the shit out of you.
(BLEEP)
Okay.
You have it your way.
You leave me no choice.
Pam...
(EXCLAIMS) Tickler! Tickler!
(LAUGHING)
Where are the codes?
(CHUCKLES) This is nice.
(LAUGHS)
In here and
it's kind of all...
(LAUGHING)
-Oh, my God.
-Sorry.
(ALL LAUGHING)
-Can you do both?
-Yeah.
-(EXCLAIMS)
-Oh, my God!
(ALL LAUGHING)
It's called soul gazing.
Stare into my soul
and I'll stare into yours.
-Come in. Shh.
-You're not my wife!
-Hey. Shh.
-Oh, that's it.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
-Bob, I'm gonna...
-Shh!
-I promise you'll never...
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Let's keep on,
keep on.
DIRECTOR: Okay,
for real this time.
It's for real.
This is for real, guys, yeah.
-That's it!
-Oh!
One more. Come on.
-I can't do this, I'm not...
-Shh!
Oh, my God.
I've (BLEEP) had it.
Lock it!
We're professionals.
-This is what we do. You ready?
-Come on, baby!
I'm gonna hit you.
I told you!
(BLEEPING)
(ALL LAUGHING)
Are you not a super tool?
You're not even Robbie Wheirdicht.
You're Bob Stone!
-(SCOFFS) I made that name up.
-So what?
-It's not real.
-What does that mean?
(STAMMERS) What,
you think Mr. T and Sting
and The Rock...
You think those guys
are real?
That's a bunch of dumbass nicknames
by a bunch of dumbass people.
(ALL LAUGHING)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
BOB:
Fanny!